# ZSL-Eco-Warriors
## Critical Reasoning on the ZSL project
#### The reasons on why we first chose to do this project was because that we wanted to expand our mindset on other types of software and to expand our knowledge on how clients would specificly like their type of game to look like. This gave us good experience which can be used in future projects with other clients as we will understand much better than before. This porject with ZSL was also done on IOS which was a slight push back as it had a few restraints on our work as some parts of the game would have been inaccessable. The reason it was done on IOS also is that the ZSL clients only had IOS devices to support the game on which was a challenge but we knew how to overcome that later on. This had to be on a mobile app because ZSL wanted the game to be used easily and so that the audience would understand it much faster than using computers or other devices. Also this had to be on a mobile device because the only devices they had to have the game running was those. This device was also good for the audience which was for 11-16 year olds which would understand how to use them much easier than other certain devices. Doing this project on this device means that other people who are not visiting any of the ZSL zoo's and are just visiting the website would be able to access this game on their tablets or mobile phones or even on their PC which will allow them to try it out also. This can be used for teachers in schools which they can use for their students to go through the game to help them learn about the greenhouse gas chain. The audience for this project was for 11-16 year olds this was because if school attended one of these zoo's they would also have an experience in doing this game within the zoo. One of the staff members would have one of the classes to try out the game and to test their knowledge on this subject. This project was all about the environment and greenhouse gases, the reason why was because the idea of the game was to look at how the world is becoming polluted by the certain types of industries. So the project had to be about the four habitats which was the countryside, the tundra, the ocean and the rainforest. These four habitats have certain industries destroying the landscape and creating pollution. So this had to be shown to the children to show them what can be done to stop this type of destruction.


## Group Roles and Shared Targets: 
#### 1. Matthew Kaptur: Project Management, Project Design, Project Documentation.
#### 2. Codrin Axinte: Programmer, Project Research.
#### 3. Oliver Slape: Programmer, Project Research.
#### 4. Daniel Edson: Project Design, Project Research.
#### 5. Bec Nash: Project Research, Project Documentation.

#### One of the main targets we all had was the completion of the game itself but also some of the smaller targets we had was on deciding on some of the game designs and gameplay of the game itself.
